New Resource: `azurerm_compute_fleet` (#28758)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/compute_fleet.html.markdown

* `additional_capabilities` - (Optional) A `additional_capabilities` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `plan` - (Optional) A `plan` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `platform_fault_domain_count` - (Optional)  Specifies the number of fault domains that are used by the Compute Fleet. Defaults to `1`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `zones` - (Optional) Specifies a list of availability zones in which the Compute Fleet is available. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `compute_api_version` - (Optional) Specifies the `Microsoft.Compute` API version to use when creating the Compute Fleet. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

* `regular_priority_profile` - (Optional) A `regular_priority_profile` block as defined below.

* `spot_priority_profile` - (Optional) A `spot_priority_profile` block as defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Compute Fleet.

> * 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* `secure_boot_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable the secure boot on the virtual machine. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `source_image_id` - (Optional) The ID of an image which each virtual machine in the Compute Fleet should be based on. Possible Image ID types include `Image ID`s, `Shared Image ID`s, `Shared Image Version ID`s, `Community Gallery Image ID`s, `Community Gallery Image Version ID`s, `Shared Gallery Image ID`s and `Shared Gallery Image Version ID`s. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `source_image_reference` - (Optional) A `source_image_reference` block as defined above. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `user_data_base64` - (Optional) The base64-encoded User Data which should be used for the Compute Fleet. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `vtpm_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable the vTPM on the virtual machine. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `network_interface` block supports the following:

> * `name` - (Required)  The name which should be used for the network interface. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for the network interface. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

* `ip_forwarding_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable IP forwarding on the network interface. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `network_security_group_id` - (Optional) The ID of the network security group which should be assigned to the network interface. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `primary_network_interface_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to set it as the primary network interface. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `os_profile` block supports the following:

* `custom_data_base64` - (Optional) The base64-encoded Custom Data which should be used for the Compute Fleet. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `linux_configuration` - (Optional) A `linux_configuration` block as defined above. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `windows_configuration` - (Optional) A `windows_configuration` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `additional_capabilities` block supports the following:

> * `hibernation_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable the hibernation capability on the Compute Fleet.  Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `hibernation_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable the hibernation capability on the Compute Fleet. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

---

A (Linux) `certificate` block supports the following:

* `url` - (Required) The secret URL of a key vault certificate. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `data_disk` block supports the following:

* `create_option` - (Required) The create option which should be used for the data disk. Possible values are `Empty` and `FromImage`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

-> **Note:** `FromImage` should only be used if the source image includes data disks.

* `caching` - (Optional) The type of caching which should be used for the data disk. Possible values are `ReadOnly` and `ReadWrite`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `delete_option` - (Optional) Specify what happens to the data disk when the virtual machine is deleted. Possible values are `Delete` and `Detach`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `disk_encryption_set_id` - (Optional) The ID of the disk encryption set which should be used to encrypt the data disk. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `disk_size_in_gib` - (Optional) The size of the data disk which should be created.  Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: Maybe indicate the unit once more in the description to emphasize the differentiation from GB?
```suggestion
* `disk_size_in_gib` - (Optional) The size of the data disk which should be created in GiB. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

-> **Note:** Required if `create_option` is specified as `Empty`.

* `lun` - (Optional) The logical unit number of the data disk, which must be unique within the virtual machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

-> **Note:** Required if `create_option` is specified as `Empty`.

> * `storage_account_type` - (Optional)  The type of storage account which should back the data disk. Possible values include `Premium_LRS`, `PremiumV2_LRS`, `Premium_ZRS`, `Standard_LRS`, `StandardSSD_LRS`, `StandardSSD_ZRS` and `UltraSSD_LRS`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `storage_account_type` - (Optional) The type of storage account which should back the data disk. Possible values include `Premium_LRS`, `PremiumV2_LRS`, `Premium_ZRS`, `Standard_LRS`, `StandardSSD_LRS`, `StandardSSD_ZRS` and `UltraSSD_LRS`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

* `additional_unattend_content` - (Optional) One or more `additional_unattend_content` blocks as defined above. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `automatic_updates_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable the automatic updates of the virtual machines. Defaults to `true`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `bypass_platform_safety_checks_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to bypass platform safety checks. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `hot_patching_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable the customers to patch the virtual machines without requiring a reboot. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `patch_mode` - (Optional)  Specifies the mode of in-guest patching of the virtual machines. Possible values are `AutomaticByOS`, `AutomaticByPlatform` and `Manual`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `provision_vm_agent_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to provision the virtual machine agent on each virtual machine in the Scale Set. Defaults to `true`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `reboot_setting` - (Optional) Specifies the reboot setting for all `AutomaticByPlatform` patch installation operations. Possible values are `Always`, `IfRequired`, `Never` and `Unknown`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `patch_rebooting` - (Optional) Specifies the reboot setting for all `AutomaticByPlatform` patch installation operations. Possible values are `Always`, `IfRequired`, `Never` and `Unknown`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

* `secret` - (Optional) One or more `secret` blocks as defined above. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `time_zone` - (Optional) Specifies the time zone of the windows virtual machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `vm_agent_platform_updates_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable the virtual machine agent platform updates for the windows virtual machine in the Compute Fleet. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `winrm_listener` - (Optional) One or more `winrm_listener` blocks as defined below.  Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `winrm_listener` - (Optional) One or more `winrm_listener` blocks as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

* `boot_diagnostic_storage_account_endpoint` - (Optional) Specifies endpoint of the storage account to use for placing the console output and screenshot. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `capacity_reservation_group_id` - (Optional) Specifies the ID of the capacity reservation group which the Compute Fleet should be allocated to. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `data_disk` - (Optional) One or more `data_disk` blocks as defined above. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `encryption_at_host_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable encryption at host on disks attached to the Compute Fleet. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `extension` - (Optional) One or more `extension` blocks as defined above. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `extension_operations_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable extension operations on the Compute Fleet.  Defaults to `true`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `extensions_time_budget` - (Optional) Specifies the time alloted for all extensions to start. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer 2: what unit is this in? seconds? min? duration?

Author: The unit should be duration, fixed.

* `gallery_application` - (Optional) One or more `gallery_application` blocks as defined above. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `license_type` - (Optional) Specifies the type of on-premise license (also known as Azure Hybrid Use Benefit) which should be used for the Compute Fleet. Possible values are `RHEL_BYOS`, `SLES_BYOS`, `Windows_Client` and `Windows_Server`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `os_disk` - (Optional) A `os_disk` block as defined above. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `scheduled_event_os_image_timeout` - (Optional) Specifies the length of time a virtual machine being deleted will have to potentially approve the terminate scheduled event before the event is auto approved (timed out). The configuration must be specified in ISO 8601 format. The only possible value is `PT15M`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
> 
> * `scheduled_event_termination_timeout` - (Optional) Specifies the length of time a virtual machine being reimaged or having its OS upgraded will have to potentially approve the OS image scheduled event before the event is auto approved (timed out). The configuration is specified in ISO 8601 format. Possible values are `PT5M` and `PT15M`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer 2: these are ISO durations? so should they be
```suggestion
* `scheduled_event_os_image_timeout_duration` - (Optional) Specifies the length of time a virtual machine being deleted will have to potentially approve the terminate scheduled event before the event is auto approved (timed out). The configuration must be specified in ISO 8601 format. The only possible value is `PT15M`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `scheduled_event_termination_timeout_duration` - (Optional) Specifies the length of time a virtual machine being reimaged or having its OS upgraded will have to potentially approve the OS image scheduled event before the event is auto approved (timed out). The configuration is specified in ISO 8601 format. Possible values are `PT5M` and `PT15M`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```
to make it clear its not seconds etc

---

A `os_profile` block supports the following:

* `custom_data_base64` - (Optional) The base64-encoded Custom Data which should be used for the Compute Fleet. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `linux_configuration` - (Optional) A `linux_configuration` block as defined above. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `windows_configuration` - (Optional) A `windows_configuration` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `accelerator_count` block supports the following:

* `max` - (Optional) The maximum value of accelerator count.

* `min` - (Optional) The minimum value of accelerator count.

---

A `additional_location_profile` block supports the following:

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Compute Fleet should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `virtual_machine_profile_override` - (Required) The definition of the `virtual_machine_profile_override` block is the same as the `virtual_machine_profile` block. A `virtual_machine_profile` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

> A `additional_unattend_content` block supports the following:
> 
> * `content` - (Required) Specifies the XML formatted content that is added to the unattend.xml file for the specified path and component. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer 2: content seems redundant here?

```suggestion
A `additional_unattend_content` block supports the following:

* `xml` - (Required) Specifies the XML formatted content that is added to the unattend.xml file for the specified path and component. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```
might make more sense?

Author: Fixed.

* `application_security_group_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of application security group IDs which the Compute Fleet should be connected to. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `load_balancer_backend_address_pool_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of backend address pools IDs from a load balancer which the Compute Fleet should be connected to. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `primary_ip_configuration_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to set it as the primary IP configuration. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `public_ip_address` - (Optional) One or more `public_ip_address` blocks as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `version` - (Optional) The internet protocol version which should be used for the IP configuration. Possible values are `IPv4` and `IPv6`. Defaults to `IPv4`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `ip_tag` block supports the following:

* `tag` - (Required) The IP tag associated with the public IP. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `type` - (Required) The type of IP tag. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer 2: type? what are the possible values of type?

i would have expected it to be tag.key and tag.value?

Author: I think it makes sense to understand that "ipTagType is the key of the tag, and tag is the value", but from the perspective of Azure's data structure semantics and API design intent, they are not key-value pairs in the traditional sense, but a combination of `purpose category` + `purpose name`.

For example:
```
"ipTags": [
{
"ipTagType": "RoutingPreference",
"tag": "Internet"
}
]

"ipTags": [
{
"ipTagType": "RoutingPreference",
"tag": "Microsoft"
}
]
```
The above IP addresses uses routing preference (RoutingPreference), specifically Internet/Microsoft routing.

Therefore, I assume that these two sets of fields together describe the multiple dimensional uses of this IP, rather than a pure tags mapping. What about you?

Reviewer 2: Well is any key/value possible or is there only a subset that are valid?

Author: Hi @SahilArora92 for the question above, "Well is any key/value possible or is there only a subset that are valid?", could you please help me check it?

If it is not any key/value possible, could you please help me confirm all possible values ​​​​for [ipTagType](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/0bf123645e53f9006c15a962087c9073d7fd455f/specification/azurefleet/resource-manager/Microsoft.AzureFleet/stable/2024-11-01/azurefleet.json#L3009) and [tag](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/0bf123645e53f9006c15a962087c9073d7fd455f/specification/azurefleet/resource-manager/Microsoft.AzureFleet/stable/2024-11-01/azurefleet.json#L3013) so that I could write it into the document? Thanks in advance!

Reviewer 3: Hi @sinbai There is no specific key/value combinations here. These is a dynamic key-value pair.

IPTagType can have values like NetworkDomain, FirstPartyUsage, RoutingPreference etc.

Author: > Hi @sinbai There is no specific key/value combinations here. These is a dynamic key-value pair.
> 
> IPTagType can have values like NetworkDomain, FirstPartyUsage, RoutingPreference etc.

Hi @ykh015 thanks for your response, can I confirm that you are a member of the service team, right? Can I consider this response official?

Reviewer 3: Yes, I am the member of the service team.

Author: Hi @katbyte could you please take a look at the response from the service team? If there are any changes needed, please feel free to let me know. Thank you!

* `bypass_platform_safety_checks_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to bypass platform safety checks. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `password_authentication_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable the password authentication. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

-> **Note:** When an `admin_password` is specified `password_authentication_enabled` must be set to `true`. 

* `patch_assessment_mode` - (Optional) Specifies the mode of virtual machine Guest Patching for the virtual machines that are associated to the Compute Fleet. The only possible value is `ImageDefault`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `patch_mode` - (Optional)  Specifies the mode of in-guest patching of the virtual machines. Possible values are `AutomaticByPlatform` and `ImageDefault`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `provision_vm_agent_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to provision the virtual machine agent on each virtual machine in the Scale Set. Defaults to `true`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `reboot_setting` - (Optional) Specifies the reboot setting for all `AutomaticByPlatform` patch installation operations. Possible values are `Always`, `IfRequired`, `Never` and `Unknown`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer 2: as this si for patching
```suggestion
* `patch_rebooting` - (Optional) Specifies the reboot setting for all `AutomaticByPlatform` patch installation operations. Possible values are `Always`, `IfRequired`, `Never` and `Unknown`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

---

A `network_interface_count` block supports the following:

* `max` - (Optional) The maximum value of network interface count.

* `min` - (Optional) The minimum value of network interface count.

*

---

A `os_disk` block supports the following:

* `caching` - (Optional) The Type of caching which should be used for the internal OS Disk. Possible values are `ReadOnly` and `ReadWrite`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `delete_option` - (Optional) Specify what happens to the os disk when the virtual machine is deleted. Possible values are `Delete` and `Detach`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `diff_disk_option` - (Optional) Specifies the Ephemeral Disk Settings for the OS Disk. The only possible value is `Local`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `diff_disk_placement` - (Optional) Specifies where to store the Ephemeral Disk. Possible values are `CacheDisk`, `NvmeDisk` and `ResourceDisk`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `disk_encryption_set_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Disk Encryption Set which should be used to encrypt the OS Disk. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `disk_size_in_gb` - (Optional) The size of the internal OS Disk in GB, if you wish to vary from the size used in the image the Compute Fleet is sourced from. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer 2: is this gb or gib?

memory_in_gib_per_vcpu is used elsewhere in this resource so is this different and not gib?

Author: After confirmation, the unit of disk/os size should be GiB. Fixed.

* `accelerator_support` - (Optional) Specifies whether the virtual machine sizes supporting accelerator be used to build the Compute Fleet. Defaults to `Excluded`. Possible values are `Excluded`, `Included` and `Required`.

-> **Note:** Once the `accelerator_support` has been specified, removing it forces a new resource to be created.

* `accelerator_types` - (Optional) Specifies a list of the accelerator types. Possible values are `FPGA` and `GPU`.

-> **Note:** Once the `accelerator_types` has been specified, removing it forces a new resource to be created.

* `architecture_types` - (Optional) Specifies a list of the architecture types. Possible values are `ARM64` and `X64`.

-> **Note:** Once the `architecture_types` has been specified, removing it forces a new resource to be created.

* `burstable_support` - (Optional) Specifies whether the virtual machine Sizes supporting burstable capability be used to build the Compute Fleet. Defaults to `Excluded`. Possible values are `Excluded`, `Included` and `Required`.

-> **Note:** Once the `burstable_support` has been specified, removing it forces a new resource to be created.

> * `cpu_manufacturers` - (Optional) Specifies a list of the virtual machine CPU manufacturers. Possible values are `AMD`, `Ampere`, `Intel` and `Microsoft`.
> 
> -> **Note:** Once the `cpu_manufacturers` has been specified, removing it forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer 2: i think we can combine these:
```suggestion
* `cpu_manufacturers` - (Optional) Specifies a list of the virtual machine CPU manufacturers. Possible values are `AMD`, `Ampere`, `Intel` and `Microsoft`. Once specified changing this value forces a new resource to be created.
```
?

Author: Fixed.

        password_authentication_enabled = false
        admin_ssh_keys                  = [file("~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub")]
      }
    }

    network_interface {
      name = "networkProTest"
      ip_configuration {
        name                                   = "ipConfig"
        load_balancer_backend_address_pool_ids = [azurerm_lb_backend_address_pool.example.id]
        primary                                = true
        subnet_id                              = azurerm_subnet.example.id
      }
      primary = true
    }
  }
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:
* `name` - (Required) The name of the Compute Fleet. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The azure region where the Compute Fleet should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which the Compute Fleet should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `virtual_machine_profile` - (Required) A `virtual_machine_profile` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `additional_capabilities_hibernation_enabled` - (Optional) Should the hibernation capability to be enabled on the Compute Fleet?  Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Author: Fixed.

> * `additional_capabilities_ultra_ssd_enabled` - (Optional) Should the capacity to enable Data Disks of the `UltraSSD_LRS` storage account type be supported on this Compute Fleet? Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Author: Fixed.

* `additional_location_profile` - (Optional) One or more `additional_location_profile` blocks as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `plan` - (Optional) A `plan` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `platform_fault_domain_count` - (Optional)  Specifies the number of fault domains that are used by the Compute Fleet. Defaults to `1`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `vm_attributes` - (Optional) A `vm_attributes` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `zones` - (Optional) Specifies a list of availability zones which the Compute Fleet is available. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Author: Fixed.

* `compute_api_version` - (Optional) Specifies the `Microsoft.Compute` API version to use when creating the Compute Fleet.

* `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

* `regular_priority_profile` - (Optional) A `regular_priority_profile` block as defined below.

* `spot_priority_profile` - (Optional) A `spot_priority_profile` block as defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Compute Fleet.

> * `vm_sizes_profile` - (Optional) One or more `vm_sizes_profile` blocks as defined below. Conflicts with `vm_attributes.0.excluded_vm_sizes`.

Author: Fixed.

-> **Note:** If `spot_priority_profile` is specified, `regular_priority_profile` is not specified and `spot_priority_profile.0.maintain_enabled` is specified as to `false`, changing `vm_sizes_profile` forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `virtual_machine_profile` block supports the following:

* `os_profile` - (Required) A `os_profile` block as defined above.

* `network_api_version` - (Required) Specifies the Microsoft.Network API version used when creating networking resources in the network interface configurations for the Compute Fleet.

* `network_interface` - (Required) One or more `network_interface` blocks as defined above.

> * `boot_diagnostic_enabled` - (Optional) Should the boot diagnostics be enabled on the virtual machine? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

* `boot_diagnostic_storage_account_endpoint` - (Optional) Specifies endpoint of the storage account to use for placing the console output and screenshot.

* `capacity_reservation_group_id` - (Optional) Specifies the ID of the capacity reservation group which the Compute Fleet should be allocated to.

* `data_disk` - (Optional) One or more `data_disk` blocks as defined above.

> * `encryption_at_host_enabled` - (Optional) Should disks attached to the Compute Fleet be encrypted by enabling encryption at host? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

* `extension` - (Optional) One or more `extension` blocks as defined above.

> * `extension_operations_enabled` - (Optional) Should extension operations be allowed on the Compute Fleet?  Defaults to `true`.

Author: Fixed.

* `extensions_time_budget` - (Optional) Specifies the time alloted for all extensions to start.

* `gallery_application` - (Optional) One or more `gallery_application` blocks as defined above.

* `license_type` - (Optional) Specifies the type of on-premise license (also known as Azure Hybrid Use Benefit) which should be used for the Compute Fleet. Possible values are `RHEL_BYOS`, `SLES_BYOS`, `Windows_Client` and `Windows_Server`.

* `os_disk` - (Optional) A `os_disk` block as defined above.

* `scheduled_event_os_image_timeout` - (Optional) Specifies the length of time a virtual machine being deleted will have to potentially approve the terminate scheduled event before the event is auto approved (timed out). The configuration must be specified in ISO 8601 format. Only possible value is `PT15M`.

* `scheduled_event_termination_timeout` - (Optional) Specifies the length of time a virtual machine being re-imaged or having its OS upgraded will have to potentially approve the OS image scheduled event before the event is auto approved (timed out). The configuration is specified in ISO 8601 format. Possible values are `PT5M` and `PT15M`.

> * `secure_boot_enabled` - (Optional) Should the secure boot be enabled the virtual machine? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

* `source_image_id` - (Optional) The ID of an image which each virtual machine in the Compute Fleet should be based on. Possible Image ID types include `Image ID`s, `Shared Image ID`s, `Shared Image Version ID`s, `Community Gallery Image ID`s, `Community Gallery Image Version ID`s, `Shared Gallery Image ID`s and `Shared Gallery Image Version ID`s.

* `source_image_reference` - (Optional) A `source_image_reference` block as defined above.

* `user_data_base64` - (Optional) The base64-encoded User Data which should be used for the Compute Fleet.

> * `vtpm_enabled` - (Optional) Should the vTPM be enabled on the virtual machine? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

---

A `network_interface` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required)  The name which should be used for the network interface.

* `ip_configuration` - (Required) One or more `ip_configuration` blocks as defined above.

> * `accelerated_networking_enabled` - (Optional) Should the network interface support accelerated networking be enabled? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

* `auxiliary_mode` - (Optional) Specifies the auxiliary mode for the network interface. Possible values are `AcceleratedConnections` and `Floating`.

* `auxiliary_sku` - (Optional) Specifies the auxiliary sku for the network interface. Possible values are `A8`, `A4`, `A1` and `A2`.

* `delete_option` - (Optional) Specify what happens to the network interface when the virtual machine is deleted. Possible values are `Delete` and `Detach`.

* `dns_servers` - (Optional) Specifies a list of IP addresses of DNS servers which should be assigned to the network interface.

> * `ip_forwarding_enabled` - (Optional) Should the network interface support IP forwarding be enabled? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

* `setting` - (Required) Specifies the name of the setting to which the content applies. Possible values are `AutoLogon` and `FirstLogonCommands`.

---

A (Windows) `certificate` block supports the following:

* `url` - (Required) The secret URL of a key vault certificate.

* `store` - (Optional) The certificate store on the virtual machine where the certificate should be added.

---

A (Linux) `certificate` block supports the following:

* `url` - (Required) The secret URL of a key vault certificate.

---

A `data_disk` block supports the following:

* `create_option` - (Required) The create option which should be used for the data disk. Possible values are `Empty` and `FromImage`.

-> **Note:** `FromImage` should only be used if the source image includes data disks.

* `caching` - (Optional) The type of caching which should be used for the data disk. Possible values are `ReadOnly` and `ReadWrite`.

* `delete_option` - (Optional) Specify what happens to the data disk when the virtual machine is deleted. Possible values are `Delete` and `Detach`.

* `disk_encryption_set_id` - (Optional) The ID of the disk encryption set which should be used to encrypt the data disk.

> * `disk_size_in_gb` - (Optional) The size of the data disk which should be created. Required if `create_option` is specified as `Empty`.

Author: Fixed.

> * `lun` - (Optional) The logical unit number of the data disk, which must be unique within the virtual machine. Required if `create_option` is specified as `Empty`.

Author: Fixed.

* `storage_account_type` - (Optional)  The type of storage account which should back the data disk. Possible values include `Premium_LRS`, `PremiumV2_LRS`, `Premium_ZRS`, `Standard_LRS`, `StandardSSD_LRS`, `StandardSSD_ZRS` and `UltraSSD_LRS`.

> * `write_accelerator_enabled` - (Optional) Should the write accelerator be enabled on the data disk? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

---

A `data_disk_count` block supports the following:

* `max` - (Optional) The maximum value of data disk count.

* `min` - (Optional) The minimum value of data disk count.

---

A `extension` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name for the Compute Fleet extension.

* `publisher` - (Required) Specifies the Publisher of the extension.

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the Type of the extension.

* `type_handler_version` - (Required) Specifies the version of the extension to use, available versions can be found using the Azure CLI.

> * `auto_upgrade_minor_version_enabled` - (Optional) Should the latest version of the extension be used at deployment time, if one is available? This won't auto-update the extension on existing installation. Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

> * `automatic_upgrade_enabled` - (Optional) Should the extension be automatically upgraded by the platform, if there is a newer version of the extension available? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

* `extensions_to_provision_after_vm_creation` - (Optional) Specifies an ordered list of extension names which Compute Fleet should provision after virtual machine creation.

> * `failure_suppression_enabled` - (Optional) Should the failures from the extension be suppressed? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

-> **Note:** Operational failures such as not connecting to the virtual machine will not be suppressed regardless of the `failure_suppression_enabled` value.

* `force_extension_execution_on_change` - (Optional) A value which, when different to the previous value can be used to force-run the extension even if the extension configuration hasn't changed.

* `protected_settings_from_key_vault` - (Optional) A `protected_settings_from_key_vault` block as defined below.

* `protected_settings_json` - (Optional) A JSON string which specifies sensitive settings (such as passwords) for the extension.

-> **Note:** Keys within the `protected_settings_json` block are notoriously case-sensitive, where the casing required (e.g. `TitleCase` vs `snakeCase`) depends on the extension being used. Please refer to the documentation for the specific virtual machine extension you're looking to use for more information.

* `settings_json` - (Optional) A JSON string which specifies settings for the extension.

---

A `gallery_application` block supports the following:

* `version_id` - (Required) Specifies the gallery application version resource ID.

> * `automatic_upgrade_enabled` - (Optional) Should the gallery application be automatically upgraded, if there is a newer version of the gallery application available? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

* `configuration_blob_uri` - (Optional) Specifies the URI to an azure blob that will replace the default configuration for the package if provided.

* `order` - (Optional) Specifies the order in which the packages have to be installed. Defaults to `0`.

* `tag` - (Optional) Specifies a passthrough value for more generic context.

> * `treat_failure_as_deployment_failure_enabled` - (Optional) Should any failure for any operation in the virtual machine application will fail the deployment be enabled? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

---

A `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required)  The type of managed identity that should be configured on the Compute Fleet. Only possible value is `UserAssigned`.

* `identity_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of user managed identity IDs to be assigned to the Compute Fleet.

---

A `ip_configuration` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The Name which should be used for the IP configuration.

* `subnet_id` - (Required) The ID of the Subnet which the IP configuration should be connected to.

* `application_gateway_backend_address_pool_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of backend address pools IDs from an application gateway which the Compute Fleet should be connected to.

* `application_security_group_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of application security group IDs which the Compute Fleet should be connected to.

* `load_balancer_backend_address_pool_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of backend address pools IDs from a load balancer which the Compute Fleet should be connected to.

> * `primary` - (Optional) Is this the primary IP configuration? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

* `public_ip_address` - (Optional) One or more `public_ip_address` blocks as defined below.

* `version` - (Optional) The internet protocol version which should be used for the IP configuration. Possible values are `IPv4` and `IPv6`. Defaults to `IPv4`.

---

A `ip_tag` block supports the following:

* `tag` - (Required) The IP tag associated with the public IP.

* `type` - (Required) The type of IP tag.

---

A `linux_configuration` block supports the following:

* `admin_username` - (Required) Specifies the name of the administrator account.

* `computer_name_prefix` - (Required) Specifies the computer name prefix for all the linux virtual machines in the Compute Fleet.

* `admin_password` - (Optional) Specifies the password of the administrator account.

* `admin_ssh_keys` - (Optional) Specifies a list of the public key which should be used for authentication, which needs to be in `ssh-rsa` format with at least 2048-bit or in `ssh-ed25519` format.

> * `bypass_platform_safety_checks_enabled` - (Optional) Should the customer to schedule patching without accidental upgrades be enabled? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

> * `password_authentication_enabled` - (Optional) When an `admin_password` is specified `password_authentication_enabled` must be set to `true`. Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

* `patch_assessment_mode` - (Optional) Specifies the mode of virtual machine Guest Patching for the virtual machines that are associated to the Compute Fleet. Only possible value is `ImageDefault`.

* `patch_mode` - (Optional)  Specifies the mode of in-guest patching of the virtual machines. Possible values are `AutomaticByPlatform` and `ImageDefault`.

> * `provision_vm_agent_enabled` - (Optional) Should the virtual machine agent be provisioned on each virtual machine in the Scale Set? Defaults to `true`.

Author: Fixed.

* `reboot_setting` - (Optional) Specifies the reboot setting for all `AutomaticByPlatform` patch installation operations. Possible values are `Always`, `IfRequired`, `Never` and `Unknown`.

* `secret` - (Optional) One or more `secret` blocks as defined below.

> * `vm_agent_platform_updates_enabled` - (Optional) Should the virtual machine agent be provisioned on each linux virtual machine in the Compute Fleet? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

---

A `local_storage_in_gib` block supports the following:

* `max` - (Optional) The maximum value of local storage in GiB.

* `min` - (Optional) The minimum value of local storage in GiB.

---

A `memory_in_gib` block supports the following:

* `max` - (Optional) The maximum value of memory in GiB.

* `min` - (Optional) The minimum value of memory in GiB.

---

A `memory_in_gib_per_vcpu` block supports the following:

* `max` - (Optional) The maximum value of memory per vCPU in GiB.

* `min` - (Optional) The minimum value of memory per vCPU in GiB.

---

A `network_bandwidth_in_mbps` block supports the following:

* `max` - (Optional) The maximum value of network bandwidth in Mbps.

* `min` - (Optional) The minimum value of network bandwidth in Mbps.

---

A `network_interface` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required)  The name which should be used for the network interface.

* `ip_configuration` - (Required) One or more `ip_configuration` blocks as defined above.

> * `accelerated_networking_enabled` - (Optional) Should the network interface support accelerated networking be enabled? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

* `auxiliary_mode` - (Optional) Specifies the auxiliary mode for the network interface. Possible values are `AcceleratedConnections` and `Floating`.

* `auxiliary_sku` - (Optional) Specifies the auxiliary sku for the network interface. Possible values are `A8`, `A4`, `A1` and `A2`.

* `delete_option` - (Optional) Specify what happens to the network interface when the virtual machine is deleted. Possible values are `Delete` and `Detach`.

* `dns_servers` - (Optional) Specifies a list of IP addresses of DNS servers which should be assigned to the network interface.

> * `ip_forwarding_enabled` - (Optional) Should the network interface support IP forwarding be enabled? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

* `network_security_group_id` - (Optional) The ID of the network security group which should be assigned to the network interface.

> * `primary` - (Optional) Is this the primary network interface? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

* `delete_option` - (Optional) Specify what happens to the os disk when the virtual machine is deleted. Possible values are `Delete` and `Detach`.

* `diff_disk_option` - (Optional) Specifies the Ephemeral Disk Settings for the OS Disk. Only possible value is `Local`.

* `diff_disk_placement` - (Optional) Specifies where to store the Ephemeral Disk. Possible values are `CacheDisk`, `NvmeDisk` and `ResourceDisk`.

* `disk_encryption_set_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Disk Encryption Set which should be used to encrypt the OS Disk.

* `disk_size_in_gb` - (Optional) The size of the internal OS Disk in GB, if you wish to vary from the size used in the image the Compute Fleet is sourced from.

* `security_encryption_type` - (Optional) Specifies the encryption type of the OS Disk. Possible values are `DiskWithVMGuestState`, `NonPersistedTPM` and `VMGuestStateOnly`.

* `storage_account_type` - (Optional) The Type of Storage Account which should back the OS Disk. Possible values include `Premium_LRS`, `Premium_ZRS`, `Standard_LRS`, `StandardSSD_LRS` and `StandardSSD_ZRS`.

> * `write_accelerator_enabled` - (Optional) Should the write accelerator be enabled on the OS Disk? Defaults to `false`.

Author: Fixed.

---

A `source_image_reference` block supports the following:

* `offer` - (Required) Specifies the offer of the image used to create the virtual machines. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `publisher` - (Required) Specifies the publisher of the image used to create the virtual machines. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `sku` - (Required) Specifies the SKU of the image used to create the virtual machines.

* `version` - (Required) Specifies the version of the image used to create the virtual machines.

---

A `spot_priority_profile` block supports the following:

* `allocation_strategy` - (Optional) Specifies the allocation strategy for the Compute Fleet on which the Azure spot virtual machines will be allocated. Defaults to `PriceCapacityOptimized`. Possible values are `LowestPrice`, `PriceCapacityOptimized`, `CapacityOptimized`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `eviction_policy` - (Optional) The policy which should be used by spot virtual machines that are evicted from the Compute Fleet. Defaults to `Delete`. Possible values are `Deallocate` and `Delete`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `maintain_enabled` - (Optional) Should the continuous goal seeking for the desired capacity and restoration of evicted spot virtual machines be enabled? Defaults to `true`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Author: Fixed.

-> **Note:** Once the `rdma_support` has been specified, removing it forces a new resource to be created.

* `vm_categories` - (Optional) Specifies a list of the virtual machine categories. Possible values are `ComputeOptimized`, `FpgaAccelerated`, `GeneralPurpose`, `GpuAccelerated`, `HighPerformanceCompute`, `MemoryOptimized` and `StorageOptimized`.

-> **Note:** Once the `vm_categories` has been specified, removing it forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `vm_sizes_profile` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the virtual machine size.

* `rank` - (Optional) The rank of the virtual machine size.

---

A `windows_configuration` block supports the following:

* `admin_username` - (Required) Specifies the name of the administrator account.

* `admin_password` - (Required) Specifies the password of the administrator account.

* `computer_name_prefix` - (Required) Specifies the computer name prefix for all the windows virtual machines in the Compute Fleet.

* `additional_unattend_content` - (Optional) One or more `additional_unattend_content` blocks as defined above.

> * `automatic_updates_enabled` - (Optional) Should the automatic updates of the virtual machines be enabled? Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* `automatic_updates_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable the automatic updates of the virtual machines. Defaults to `true`.
```

Author: Fixed.

> * `bypass_platform_safety_checks_enabled` - (Optional) Should the customer to schedule patching without accidental upgrades be enabled? Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer 4: same as `linux_configuration`

Author: Fixed.

> * `hot_patching_enabled` - (Optional) Should the customers to patch the virtual machines without requiring a reboot be enabled? Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* `hot_patching_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable the customers to patch the virtual machines without requiring a reboot. Defaults to `false`.
```

Author: Fixed.

* `patch_assessment_mode` - (Optional) Specifies the mode of virtual machine Guest Patching for the virtual machines that are associated to the Compute Fleet. Only possible value is `ImageDefault`.

* `patch_mode` - (Optional)  Specifies the mode of in-guest patching of the virtual machines. Possible values are `AutomaticByOS`, `AutomaticByPlatform` and `Manual`.

> * `provision_vm_agent_enabled` - (Optional) Should the virtual machine agent be provisioned on each virtual machine in the Scale Set? Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer 4: same as `linux_configuration`

Author: Fixed.

* `reboot_setting` - (Optional) Specifies the reboot setting for all `AutomaticByPlatform` patch installation operations. Possible values are `Always`, `IfRequired`, `Never` and `Unknown`.

* `secret` - (Optional) One or more `secret` blocks as defined above.

* `time_zone` - (Optional) Specifies the time zone of the windows virtual machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `vm_agent_platform_updates_enabled` - (Optional) Should the virtual machine agent platform updates be enabled for the windows virtual machine? Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer 4: same as `linux_configuration`

Author: Fixed.
